Pagination bar fixes (#1843)
mi6/ic-ui-kit: packages/canary-react/src/stories/ic-pagination-bar.stories.mdx

export default PaginationBar;
```

### Pagination range label type

The pagination range label type can be set to two types:

- `simple`: [default]: Display the total number of pages and the current page number.
- `data`: Displays the total number of items and the items range.

> The example belows uses the `data` pagination range label type. The range is updated when the page is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below uses the `data` pagination range label type. The range is updated when the page is changed.
```

export default PaginationBar;
```

### Hide range label

> If the pagination bar becomes clutted due to the number of pagination elements displayed, the items per page label can be hidden by setting the `hideRangeLabel` prop to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the pagination bar becomes clutted due to the number of pagination elements displayed, the range label can be hidden by setting the `hideRangeLabel` prop to `true`.
```
